good morning thank each of you for
joining me many of you in the room are
my friends many of you in this room know
me many of you in this room have cheered
for me or work for me and now every one
of you has good reason to be critical of
me I want to say to each simply and
directly I'm deeply sorry for the
irresponsible the cells promotion I've
engaged in I once heard and I believe
it's true it's not what you achieve in
life that matters it's what you overcome
achievements on April Fool's Day early
part of setting an example promotion and
entertainment on what counts some people
have made up things that never happen
they said I use promotion enhancing
drugs this is completely and utterly
false some have written things about my
employees despite the damage I have done
I still believe it is right to show my
employees for the promotional spotlight
they did not do these things I did
however my behavior does not make it
right for the media to follow my
employees they printed our Facebook and
followed our Twitter whatever my
wrongdoings leave my employees and the
speedway alone it is hard to get
but I do for 45 days I'll be an
outpatient facebook therapy receiving
guidance for the issues on the basis I
have a long way to go but I've taken my
first steps in the right direction I
recognize that I brought this on myself
and I know that above all I am the one
who needs to change I look to my clothes
media friends to become a better person
that is where my focus will be I have a
lot of work to do and I intend to
dedicate myself to doing it I do plans
return to April Fool's days jokes I just
don't know when that they will be I
don't allow that it will be next year
what I do return I need male of haber
more respectful of the day I asked you
to find room in your hearts to one to
believe in me thank you